docs/guide/components/statistic.md, before:

---
outline: deep

props:
    -   name: change-color
        description: The color of the statistic change.
        type: FluxColor
        optional: true
        default: gray

    -   name: change-icon
        description: The icon for the statistic change.
        type: FluxIconName
        optional: true

    -   name: change-value
        description: The change value.
        type: string
        optional: true

    -   name: color
        description: The color of the icon.
        type: FluxColor
        optional: true
        default: gray

    -   name: direction
        description: The direction of the statistic.
        type: FluxDirection
        optional: true
        default: horizontal

    -   name: icon
        description: The icon of the statistic.
        type: FluxIconName

    -   name: label
        description: The label of the statistic.
        type: string

    -   name: value
        description: The value of the statistic.
        type: string
---

# Statistic

The statistic component is a Vue component that displays a data statistic, such as the number of leads generated by a website, in an eye-catching and customizable way. It includes an icon, label, and value, and can also display a change icon and value with a customizable color.

::: render
render=../../code/guide/components/statistic/preview.vue
:::

<FrontmatterDocs/>

## Examples

::: example Basic || A basic statistic.
example=../../code/guide/components/statistic/basic.vue
:::

::: example Vertical || A vertical statistic.
example=../../code/guide/components/statistic/vertical.vue
:::

::: example Change || A statistic with change details.
example=../../code/guide/components/statistic/change.vue
:::

## Used components

- [Pane](./pane)
- [Icon](./icon)

Commit message:

[Feature] Statistic image (#6)
* Feat(statistic): Added support for images in statistic component

* Chore(statistic): Updated docs

* Chore(statistic): Updated docs

* Chore: Updated code style

* Chore: Updated style again

docs/guide/components/statistic.md, after:

---
outline: deep

props:
    -   name: change-color
        description: The color of the statistic change.
        type: FluxColor
        optional: true
        default: gray

    -   name: change-icon
        description: The icon for the statistic change.
        type: FluxIconName
        optional: true

    -   name: change-value
        description: The change value.
        type: string
        optional: true

    -   name: color
        description: The color of the icon.
        type: FluxColor
        optional: true
        default: gray

    -   name: direction
        description: The direction of the statistic.
        type: FluxDirection
        optional: true
        default: horizontal

    -   name: icon
        description: The icon of the statistic.
        type: FluxIconName
        optional: true

    -   name: label
        description: The label of the statistic.
        type: string

    -   name: value
        description: The value of the statistic.
        type: string

    -   name: image-src
        description: The image of the statistic.
        type: string
        optional: true

    -   name: image-alt
        description: The alt tag for the image.
        type: string
        optional: true
---

# Statistic

The statistic component is a Vue component that displays a data statistic, such as the number of leads generated by a website, in an eye-catching and customizable way. It includes an icon, label, and value, and can also display a change icon and value with a customizable color.

::: render
render=../../code/guide/components/statistic/preview.vue
:::

<FrontmatterDocs/>

## Examples

::: example Basic || A basic statistic.
example=../../code/guide/components/statistic/basic.vue
:::

::: example Vertical || A vertical statistic.
example=../../code/guide/components/statistic/vertical.vue
:::

::: example Change || A statistic with change details.
example=../../code/guide/components/statistic/change.vue
:::

::: example Image || A statistic with an image.
example=../../code/guide/components/statistic/image.vue
:::

## Used components

- [Pane](./pane)
- [Icon](./icon)
